Person: Hello Sameer ji, I have come from Tata Sahib in my name Manas, so in today's interview, we will have some conversations about your business tomorrow and ask questions. I have to answer something. Okay, then the first thing you give your little introduction as to what your name is. Where have you come from and what you want to do business, okay. I am from Jaipur and I want to do a welding shop. Sir is good, then first tell me where you are the building sir, you want to hurry. There will be a location of business. This Gandhi Chowk will remain in Jaipur. Pin Code of Kolhapur Distic.
Person 1: Hello Sameer ji, I have come from Tata Sahib in my name Manas, so in today's interview, we will have some conversations about your business tomorrow and ask questions. I have to answer something. Okay, then the first thing you give your little introduction as to what your name is. Where have you come from and what you want to do business, okay. I am from Jaipur and I want to do a welding shop. Sir is good, then first tell me where you are the building sir, you want to hurry. There will be a location of business. This Gandhi Chowk will remain in Jaipur. Pin Code of Kolhapur Distic.
Person: So what service and product do you want to give me in this business? People who got away from the house in Muslims. Windose. I will do his fabrication work of railing. Is there some repairing maintenance work as a service in apart from that? Even if I will try to pay the building. Okay, you will change your customers. You have targeted as much as I have known till now where the news is built, neither the new houses are closed, so there is a lot of window window, etc. and the railing, etc., is leaving a lot of work there, then first I will work. The second is which has become a railing. Shatak was late. If he also opened a lot of business as new, then all this means the construction contractor.
Person 1: So what service and product do you want to give me in this business? People who got away from the house in Muslims. Windose. I will do his fabrication work of railing. Is there some repairing maintenance work as a service in apart from that? Even if I will try to pay the building. Okay, you will change your customers. You have targeted as much as I have known till now where the news is built, neither the new houses are closed, so there is a lot of window window, etc. and the railing, etc., is leaving a lot of work there, then first I will work. The second is which has become a railing. Shatak was late. If he also opened a lot of business as new, then all this means the construction contractor.
Person: You are building a new house, people will come to the target customer to sell in people, so you have done something for it where a new house is being built. I have come and talked to those people, why people get it done and those people believe what kind of photos Okay, you will know that if you want to bring raw material for this building, then what is you want a metal. Apart from this, Sir will be mine. Welding's Doria will do Govinda's family gate. For him, I will need Rameshwar who is an iron rod.
Person 1: You are building a new house, people will come to the target customer to sell in people, so you have done something for it where a new house is being built. I have come and talked to those people, why people get it done and those people believe what kind of photos Okay, you will know that if you want to bring raw material for this building, then what is you want a metal. Apart from this, Sir will be mine. Welding's Doria will do Govinda's family gate. For him, I will need Rameshwar who is an iron rod.
Person: Epic channel has become Indian. The beam is done. What would I say, I also feel without. To create a structure that there is a roof pipe for running running. All of that needs me. Today, that material is good, then this is Rama, where you do not mean. The line is planned to come tomorrow. I have talked about the hardware who goes to wholesale tomorrow. The market will get rid of Pankaj from there. But if I need to somewhere in heavy quantity. Then I will try. He needs some money to do Visakhapatnam from Raipur. Will it be, sir, where are you planning to bring me from and why will he give you that money?
Person 1: Epic Channel Gaya Indian. The beam is done. What would I say, I also feel without. To create a structure that there is a roof pipe for running running. All of that needs me. Today, that material is good, then this is Rama, where you do not mean. The line is planned to come tomorrow. I have talked about the hardware who goes to wholesale tomorrow. The market will get rid of Pankaj from there. But if I need to somewhere in heavy quantity. Then I will try. He needs some money to do Visakhapatnam from Raipur. Will it be, sir, where are you planning to bring me from and why will he give you that money?
Person: For now, as we have applied in Nano shops, I hope that I will get a pending of one lakh here. Apart from this, I have a savings of 50000. What and I have also talked to my house, Papa has told me that I will help one lakh, so for now I mean the funding that I hope from here that I will get ITI and not to give four things. Now I do not have it. Sir, I have been learning welding work in the last 2 years. I am working well in a shop and I hope that when I put my own shop ahead, I will be able to do a very good job. Ok I have a skill set. Well is good about welding, so all your welding business will be all -raided, then in our market, computer is your phone song today or not.
Person 1: For now, as we have applied in Nano shops, I hope that I will get a pending of one lakh here. Apart from this, I have a savings of 50000. What and I have also talked to my house, Papa has told me that I will help one lakh, so for now I mean the funding that I hope from here that I will get ITI and not to give four things. Now I do not have it. Sir, I have been learning welding work in the last 2 years. I am working well in a shop and I hope that when I put my own shop ahead, I will be able to do a very good job. Ok I have a skill set. Well is good about welding, so all your welding business will be all -raided, then in our market, computer is your phone song today or not.
Person: A average that is going on up to two bus shops, one who was running, has stopped writing well. 22 is running. He is not serving properly. Meaning that people and people do not get them within the same time as they want service. They have a lot of delay and you are working like this, then what did I think that I will do such a system that I will do as much commitment here. If you have to give this work within 3 days, then I will try to complete the work within 3 days and give it to the customer, then you will run in Jora, when you will work, when you will sell it, how to sell people and your customer, how do you mean to decorate the price, how much you have to give. How will he all fix and how much price is it.
Person 1: A average that is running up to two bus shops, one who was running, has stopped writing well. 22 is running. He is not serving properly. Meaning that people and people do not get them within the same time as they want service. They have a lot of delay and you are working like this, then what did I think that I will do such a system that I will do as much commitment here. If you have to give this work within 3 days, then I will try to complete the work within 3 days and give it to the customer, then you will run in Jora, when you will work, when you will sell it, how to sell people and your customer, how do you mean to decorate the price, how much you have to give. How will he all fix and how much price is it.
Person: Window fabrication is the race fabrication grill railing on the roof. If the fabrication of running, welding is somewhere, then I will give it to the evening. If a more constructor was found then there was a joint on there. Then according to the kilo, I have planned to keep it in the price of square feet. Here I have thought that I will take ₹ 90 and was of square fit. I will copy the first copy of the building of ₹ 8. Till now, if I start the improperi work by deciding, I will try to remove type writing. You will be able to be there. But the month will be able to collect how much revenue you will be collected from this business. How much recharge you recharge looking at the market?
Person 1: Window fabrication is the race fabrication grill railing on the roof. If the fabrication of running, welding is somewhere, then I will give it to the evening. If a more constructor was found then there was a joint on there. Then according to the kilo, I have planned to keep it in the price of square feet. Here I have thought that I will take ₹ 90 and was of square fit. I will copy the first copy of the building of ₹ 8. Till now, if I start the improperi work by deciding, I will try to remove type writing. You will be able to be there. But the month will be able to collect how much revenue you will be collected from this business. How much recharge you recharge looking at the market?
Person: You think Ravi of 10 months said that at least 80 to 90000 cars can also happen. This means tell me that if you increase the material, then I am expecting the profit. It has a profit of 15 to 20000. Ok, good. If we understand, whatever we needed, we want to see your basic knowledge a little. What is the ID, you are fine in business. Thank you. Then we will contact you. Ok thank you!
Person 1: You think Ravi of 10 months said that at least 80 to 90000 cars can also happen. This means tell me that if you increase the material, then I am expecting the profit. It has a profit of 15 to 20000. Ok, good. If we understand, whatever we needed, we want to see your basic knowledge a little. What is the ID, you are fine in business. Thank you. Then we will contact you. Ok thank you!